Welcome to today's podcast on setting up DeepSeek R1 locally with Ollama.
I'm excited to show you how to build your own AI web reconnaissance tool in just 10 minutes.
DeepSeek R1 is a powerful reasoning model that can help with cybersecurity tasks.
First, let's understand what makes DeepSeek R1 special for reconnaissance work.
The model excels at analyzing web structures and identifying potential vulnerabilities.
To get started, you'll need to install Ollama on your local machine.
Head over to ollama.ai and download the installer for your operating system.
Once Ollama is installed, open your terminal or command prompt.
Run the command: ollama pull deepseek-r1 to download the model.
This might take a few minutes depending on your internet connection.
While it's downloading, let's set up our web reconnaissance tool structure.
Create a new directory called ai-recon-tool and navigate into it.
We'll need to install some Python dependencies for web scraping and analysis.
Install requests, beautifulsoup4, and the ollama Python library.
Now let's write our first reconnaissance script using DeepSeek R1.
The script will analyze website headers and identify security configurations.
DeepSeek R1's reasoning capabilities make it perfect for this task.
That's the basic setup! Check out the full article for the complete code examples.